There was one time where I was put in into unethical, uh, dilemma when
there is a company that would donate K cups and Courage machines Thio
the sailors and two Marines. And we had one company and they were
all free and they're unsolicited. But one company delivered a semi
truck full of K cups 90 pallets, and it was actually so many K cups
that we could not, um, handle that we could not store. So what ended
up happening? And as I had to almost speak to our jag but toe ask for
sailors and Marines and Coast Guardsmen, whoever were stationed there
to take a couple cases home for their own personal use? Um, the
K Cups were there for the sailors and Marines and Coast Guardsmen to
use. So it was one thing that I was a little uncomfortable with. But
after talking to our legal team and, um, different individuals were
ableto to clear that as long as they were active duty military, the
company was okay with it.